Known bugs 0.8:
1.  I can buy infinite combat tokens, once I have a farmland 100 done
1a. combat achievement token rewards are incorrect (thanks chatGPT and me for not vetting said bot)
2. would it be possible to hide purchased Barbarian Skilling upgrades? Usually such upgrades disappear when bought.
3. Visual bug on pets with "obtained from..."
4. Checkerboards for Papaya Tree, Dragonfruit Tree, Yellowberry Shrub, Poison Ivy Shrub, Goldengod Hops, and Wildblood Hops. (At least in the Spend Mastery XP menu, so it's probably elsewhere.)
5. There's a bug on fletching interval with barbarian fletching knife. Interval reduction is in ms.
The item has values of -0.5 which would be -0.5ms :). If you want a -500ms (0.5s) reduction, then you'd want a value of -500
6. UI issue with "customDescription" on monsters on when combined with mini drop completion mod.
7. drinks do not have a "when this food is equipped…" description
8. Barbarian Longblade + Helm have inaccurate descriptions
9. Pocket Sand description is inaccurate
10. some missing images from monster type effects
11. sterkite rock missing image 
12. platinum bar missing image
13. platinum ore missing image
14. enchant i-vi missing images


Balance issues 0.8:
1. Facekicker is far too powerful
2. Greater Sigil of Swiftness too easy to obtain for the effect
3. Thrownaxes are a lil too powerful because of the crit chance plus having balanced stats (in between knives and javelins)
4. Blackjack drops too often
5. Mysterious tome drops too often
6. Golbin Staff drops too often
7. Big Golbin pile of logs drops too often
8. Golbin Chief gems drop too often
9. amulet of occults drops too often
10. propserous necklace drops wayyyyy too often
11. monk expert set drops wayyyy too often
12. guardian shouldn't drop imbued wands
13. sterkite mining and pine tree felling don't need to exist--ore and trees should be accessible unless they have some other weird use
14. some monster type effects should be more consistent and less confusing
15. superior sigil requiring tormented bracelet and ring is too high of a cost
16. crafting dust 1 at a time is too slow (compare to Alt Magic barrier dust, which converts 1 gem to 6 dust)
17. sigil mat cost should be 5-10x higher

Consistency/UX issues 0.8:
1. (Shop) Barbarian Skilling can be removed and moved to Skill Upgrades
2. (Shop) Combat Mastery section should move Mastery Capes to Skillcapes section
3. Monster Types display as "applies [Monster Type]" instead of what the Monster Type actually descriptions
4. Barbarian Smithing doesn't need its own category
5. Barbarian Fletching can be renamed to Standard Thrownaxes
6. Enchanted Dust doesn't look very different from regular Dust
