What NEW CONTENT does this mode include?

4 new Equipment Slots!
Accessory Slot: 2
Ring Slot: 1
Tool Slot: 1

264 new Items!
Bones: 3
Compost: 1
Equipment: 92
Food: 37
Gems: 2
Items (Misc.): 87
Openables: 3
Potions: 18
Runes: 1
Weapons: 20

48 Item Upgrades!

6 Item Synergies!

43 new Monsters!
Dungeon Bosses: 5
Combat Area Bosses: 3
Dungeon Monsters: 6
Combat Area Monsters: 29

4 new Combat Areas!
Easy: 2
Normal: 1
Elite: 1

3 new Dungeons!
Easy: 1
Hard: 1
Master: 1

8 new Spells!
Standard Spellbook: 4
Ancient Spellbook: 4

6 new Pets!
Obtained from defeating Bosses: 3
Obtained from completing Dungeons: 3

1 new Shop Category!
Skilling-related Purchases: 5

1 new set of Skilling Upgrades in the Shop!
Cooking: 9

New Skill Categories!
Farming: 4
Cooking: 1
Smithing: 1
Fletching: 1
Crafting: 1
Runecrafting: 1

New Skill Resource Options/Areas!
Woodcutting: 5
Mining: 1
Thieving: 1

New Skill Recipes!
Farming: 36
Firemaking: 5
Cooking: 2
Smithing: 32
Fletching: 11
Crafting: 16
Herblore: 4
Runecrafting: 11

New Skill Products/Random Item Drops/Rare Drops!
Woodcutting: 4
Firemaking: 2
Runecrafting: 4

What CHANGED CONTENT does this mod include?

124 Changed Items!
- All rings have been changed to allow them to also be equipped to the new Ring Slot
- Most books in the game have been changed to allow them to also be equipped to either of the new Accessory Slots
- Many skilling "weapons" like the Golden Trowel from AoD have been changed to allow them to also be equipped to the new Tool Slot
- Some items that were once Cape Slot items are now Accessory items (e.g. Adventurers Backpack, Ghostly Parrot)
- Some items have had their drop tables adjusted to fit new content, and some of their existing content has been moved to different areas of the game
- A few Equipment items have received small stat increases to account for new items being added
- One of the God sets has received a big increase to its Defence bonuses and can now also be upgraded using a reward from a new dungeon

2 Changed Skill Recipes!
- Apple and Banana Trees have been moved to the new Fruit Tree category

4 Changed Combat Areas!
- 4 new Monsters have been added to Golbin Village
- 2 new Monsters have been added to Graveyard
- 2 new Monsters have been added to Sandy Shores
- 4 new Monsters have been added to Dragon Valley

13 Changed Dungeons!
- Frozen Cove, Volcanic Cave, and Infernal Stronghold have been changed to allow their Monsters' bones to drop on death
- Undead Graveyard has had 1 Zombie Hand and 1 Zombie removed and has had them replaced by 1 Giant Grub and 1 Novice Necromancer
- Miolite Caves has had its Slayer level requirement increased to 50 (up from 40) to more accurately reflect its Hard difficulty
- Bandit Base, Miolite Caves, Deep Sea Ship, Frozen Cove, Unholy Forest, Dragons Den, and Trickery Temple have all had their Difficulty moved down by 1 based on their boss's Combat Level (see Slayer Task Tiers for Monster Level brackets)
- All the God Dungeons have had their boss's Combat Level slightly increased (excl. Aeris, whose level was increased to 790 to more accurately reflect her Legendary difficulty)
- The Into the Mist final boss has had its Combat Level increased to 1000 to more accurately reflect their Mythical difficulty
- The Underwater City final boss has had its Combat Level increased to 790 to more accurately reflect their Legendary difficulty

Changed Monsters!
- Junior Farmer has had its Drop Table changed to drop new seeds, but only low-level food, hops, and tree seeds, as well as sacks
- Adult Farmer has had its Drop Table changed to drop new seeds, but only mid-level food, hops and, tree seeds, as well as compost
- Master Farmer has had its Drop Table changed to drop many more seeds including new ones, but only food, hops, and tree seeds, as well as a near-impossible chance to drop a Farming Skillcape
- All dragon bosses in the game have been changed to drop Superior Dragon Bones
- The Elementalist's Drop Table changed to add 4 new Elemental Tome pages